---
title: "AAS 243 - New Orleans"
date: 2023-12-29T07:22:35-05:00
draft: False
image: /images/aas_241_group.jpg
---

<!-- I'll be presenting my iPoster titled Rapid Supernova Model Inference using Amortized Posterior Estimation on Tuesday, January 9th at 5:30 CT.  -->


**Join Me at AAS 243 in New Orleans!**

I'm excited to share my research at the American Astronomical Society's 243rd meeting in New Orleans. [Don't miss my poster presentation on](https://submissions.mirasmart.com/AAS243/Itinerary/PresentationDetail.aspx?evdid=2447):

### Rapid Supernova Model Inference using Amortized Posterior Estimation

In my poster presentation, I'll dive into the new frontier of speeding up supernova model inference using neural networks. Upcoming all sky surveys, such as the Vera Rubin Observatory, will provide the oppertunity to investigate hundreds of thousands of supernovae in real time. This makes traditional sampling techniques such as MCMC computationally infeasible. Thankfully in recent years there has been a push towards simulation based inference (SBI) methods such as normalizing flow neural networks that speed up posterior sampling by orders of magnitude. By implementing these techniques on semi-analytical supernovae models we're able to infer the physical properties of entire populations of supernovae with little computational expense, thereby enabling population level studies of hundreds of thousands of supernovae in real time.


<!-- **Other Featured Presentations:** -->
### Other Purdue University Presentations
Be sure to check out these other presentations by researchers at Purdue! Especially the oral presentation on the newly released JWST data of the supernova remnant Cassiopeia A!

- [Professor Danny Milisavljevic: JWST Observations of the Prototypical Supernova Remnant Cassiopeia A](https://submissions.mirasmart.com/AAS243/Itinerary/PresentationDetail.aspx?evdid=2518)
- [Danielle Dickinson: Rapid Follow-up Echelle Spectra of CSM Interaction in SN 2023ixf](https://submissions.mirasmart.com/AAS243/Itinerary/PresentationDetail.aspx?evdid=2416)
- [Bhagya Subrayan: Scary Barbie: An Extremely Energetic, Long-Duration Tidal Disruption Event Candidate](https://submissions.mirasmart.com/AAS243/Itinerary/PresentationDetail.aspx?evdid=2319)

### **View My iPoster**

Be sure to visit my [iPoster](https://aas243-aas.ipostersessions.com/Default.aspx?s=3A-CD-5C-80-93-F4-3B-70-36-3B-B7-B6-8B-AE-36-D5) during the conference to see my research and discuss our shared interests in supernovae and astronomy.

See you at AAS 243 in New Orleans!
